 And we women are going to lead the way in this new revolution, this new feminist issue. We are literally going to slip our way to the top, literally. Unfortunately for men, sleep deprivation has become a virility symbol. I was recently having dinner with a guy who bragged that he had only gotten four hours sleep the night before. And I felt like saying to him, but I didn't say it, I felt like saying, you know what, if you had gotten five, this dinner would have been a lot more interesting. There is now a kind of sleep deprivation one-upmanship. Especially here in Washington, if you try to make a breakfast date and you say, how about eight o'clock, they're likely to tell you eight o'clock is too late for me, but that's okay, you know, I can get a game of tennis in and do a few conference calls and meet you at eight. And they think that means that they are so incredibly busy and productive, but the truth is they're not. Because we at the moment have had brilliant leaders in business, in finance, in politics making terrible decisions. So a high IQ does not mean that you're a good leader, because the essence of leadership is being able to see the iceberg before it hits the Titanic. And we've had far too many icebergs hitting our Titanic's. In fact, I have a feeling that the Lehman Brothers was Lehman Brothers and sisters, they might still be around. While all the brothers were busy, you know, just being hyper-connected 24-7, maybe a sister would have noticed the iceberg because she would have woken up from her seven and a half or eight-hour sleep and have been able to see the big picture. So as we're facing all the multiple crises in our world at the moment, what is good for us on a personal level, what's going to bring more joy, gratitude, effectiveness in our lives, and be the best for our own careers is also what is best for the world. So I urge you to shut your eyes and discover the great ideas that lie inside us, to shut your engines and discover the power of sleep. Thank you. 25% of the world's food supply is lost to spoilage. That's $458 billion worth every year. On a smarter planet, we're building intelligence into physical things. So we can know how far our foods travel, monitor temperature all the way to the market. I know it got to the table fresh. It's already happening in places like Canada, Norway and Vietnam. When we make food smarter, we make it safer. That's what I'm working on. I'm an IBMer. Let's build a smarter planet.